COSN: Cloud-based Online Social Network : Phase 1




Members 

	Bryam Noguera
	Yuta Matsumoto


Files

	chatscreen.py   … To be chat screen class but not used much in this phase
	client.py       … This contains class called Client to serve other peers and to make request to other peers.
	common.py       … This file contains code used by both server and client.
	cosn_log.py     … Logger classes for errors and activities.
	profile.py      … Profile class parses xml profiles in file and constructs profiles from xml strings.
	README          … This file
	server.py       … Code for central server clients make UDP requests to.
	timeouterror.py … For timeout.


What Doesn'T Work / Possible Problems

	Code worked when both server and clients were invoked on 127.0.0.1, but
	not over network. This could be because of the local network we were
	working on.  We get this error "error: [Errno 111] Connection refused".

	We check errors on just the number of arguments on the message, not
	anything more.

	We used terminal instead of GUI, so if the client program receives some
	message from other peers when it is showing a promt to the user, the
	prompt becomes mixed up with the message.

	We use non-persistent connectoin for TCP so TERMINATE message is useless.

	CHAT message is not divided on end-of-line (Line Feed).

	Not sure what should be done after receiving RELAY message.

	CHAT counter is not shared between the peers, but each peer keeps its own
	counter starting from 1. Not sure if this is the correct implementatoin.


What Works

	Everything else


How to Run Code

	1. Create a central serve by $ ./server.py 12121 

		where 12121 is the port number the socket of the central server binds to.

	2. On two different terminals, to create two dfferent clients invoke

		$ ./client.py john 127.0.0.1 12121

		$ ./client.py jane 127.0.0.1 12121

		These clients will run the server logic and client logic in threads.
		They will prompt for the peer to initiate connection to, but runs the
		TCP server in the background at the same time. On the terminal of jane
		showing the prompt for another peer to connect to, typing in john will
		initiate the connection to john. Then, jane can choose to chat with or
		download a file from john. If you choose option to download file, it
		saves file to ** from_john_filename **, where the filename is the file on
		john's computer.



